#Germ launch
# 0 = start as seed
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.germ_launch (Start germ @) int 0

#Asparagus
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.asparagus (Enable Asparagus) bool true
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.asparagus_scale (Spreadvalue) float 0.0007
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.asparagus_light (Min. Light) int 11

#Chives
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.chives (Enable Chives) bool true
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.chives_scale (Spreadvalue) float 0.0005
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.chives_light (Min. Light) int 10

#Flax
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.flax (Enable Flax) bool true
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.flax_scale (Spreadvalue) float 0.0006
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.flax_light (Min. Light) int 10

#Kohlrabi
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.kohlrabi (Enable Kohlrabi) bool true
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.kohlrabi_scale (Spreadvalue) float 0.0007
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.kohlrabi_light (Min. Light) int 13

#Lettuce
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.lettuce (Enable Lettuce) bool true
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.lettuce_scale (Spreadvalue) float 0.0008
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.lettuce_light (Min. Light) int 12

#Parsley
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.parsley (Enable Parsley) bool true
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.parsley_scale (Spreadvalue) float 0.0005
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.parsley_light (Min. Light) int 11

#Peanut
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.peanut (Enable Peanut) bool true
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.peanut_scale (Spreadvalue) float 0.0006
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.peanut_light (Min. Light) int 12

#Rice
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.rice (Enable Rice) bool true
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.rice_scale (Spreadvalue) float 0.0005
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.rice_light (Min. Light) int 12

#Rosemary
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.rosemary (Enable Rosemary) bool true
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.rosemary_scale (Spreadvalue) float 0.0008
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.rosemary_light (Min. Light) int 12

#Soy
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.soy (Enable Soy) bool true
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.soy_scale (Spreadvalue) float 0.0007
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.soy_light (Min. Light) int 12

#Sunflower
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.sunflower (Enable Sunflower) bool true
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.sunflower_scale (Spreadvalue) float 0.0007
cucina_vegana.plant_settings.sunflower_light (Min. Light) int 13
